Update Helm docs to include the `default` flag for catalog sync (#4873)
hashicorp/consul: website/source/docs/platform/k8s/service-sync.html.md

### Sync Enable/Disable

By default, all valid services (as explained above) are synced. This default can

> be changed as [configuration](/docs/platform/k8s/helm.html#v-synccatalog-default)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
be changed using the [configuration](/docs/platform/k8s/helm.html#v-synccatalog-default).
```

> to the sync process. Syncing can also be explicitly enabled or disabled using an

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Syncing can also be explicitly enabled or disabled using an
```
